!_TAG_FILE_SORTED	2	/0=unsorted, 1=sorted, 2=foldcase/
append	/home/airaqi/Documents/learn/courses/ossu/011-Design_Patterns/workspace/projects/lexi/include/glyph.h	/^    virtual void append(Glyph*) = 0;$/;"	p	language:C++	class:Glyph	typeref:typename:void
append	/home/airaqi/Documents/learn/courses/ossu/011-Design_Patterns/workspace/projects/lexi/include/glyph_composite.h	/^    virtual void append(Glyph*);$/;"	p	language:C++	class:GlyphComposite	typeref:typename:void
append	/home/airaqi/Documents/learn/courses/ossu/011-Design_Patterns/workspace/projects/lexi/include/glyph_leaf.h	/^        virtual void append(Glyph*);$/;"	p	language:C++	class:GlyphLeaf	typeref:typename:void
bounds	/home/airaqi/Documents/learn/courses/ossu/011-Design_Patterns/workspace/projects/lexi/include/glyph.h	/^    virtual void bounds(Rect&) = 0;$/;"	p	language:C++	class:Glyph	typeref:typename:void
bounds	/home/airaqi/Documents/learn/courses/ossu/011-Design_Patterns/workspace/projects/lexi/include/glyph_composite.h	/^    virtual void bounds(Rect&);$/;"	p	language:C++	class:GlyphComposite	typeref:typename:void
bounds	/home/airaqi/Documents/learn/courses/ossu/011-Design_Patterns/workspace/projects/lexi/include/glyph_leaf.h	/^        virtual void bounds(Rect&);$/;"	p	language:C++	class:GlyphLeaf	typeref:typename:void
ch	/home/airaqi/Documents/learn/courses/ossu/011-Design_Patterns/workspace/projects/lexi/include/glyph_character.h	/^        char ch() const { return _ch; }     void ch(char ch) { _ch = ch; }$/;"	f	language:C++	class:GlyphCharacter	typeref:typename:char
ch	/home/airaqi/Documents/learn/courses/ossu/011-Design_Patterns/workspace/projects/lexi/include/glyph_character.h	/^        char ch() const { return _ch; }     void ch(char ch) { _ch = ch; }$/;"	f	language:C++	class:GlyphCharacter	typeref:typename:void
child	/home/airaqi/Documents/learn/courses/ossu/011-Design_Patterns/workspace/projects/lexi/include/glyph.h	/^    virtual Glyph* child(int) = 0;$/;"	p	language:C++	class:Glyph	typeref:typename:Glyph *
child	/home/airaqi/Documents/learn/courses/ossu/011-Design_Patterns/workspace/projects/lexi/include/glyph_composite.h	/^    virtual Glyph* child(int);$/;"	p	language:C++	class:GlyphComposite	typeref:typename:Glyph *
child	/home/airaqi/Documents/learn/courses/ossu/011-Design_Patterns/workspace/projects/lexi/include/glyph_leaf.h	/^        virtual Glyph* child(int);$/;"	p	language:C++	class:GlyphLeaf	typeref:typename:Glyph *
compose	/home/airaqi/Documents/learn/courses/ossu/011-Design_Patterns/workspace/projects/lexi/include/glyph_strategy_compositor.h	/^        virtual void compose();$/;"	p	language:C++	class:GlyphStrategyCompositor	typeref:typename:void
compose	/home/airaqi/Documents/learn/courses/ossu/011-Design_Patterns/workspace/projects/lexi/include/glyph_strategy_compositor_array.h	/^        virtual void compose() override;$/;"	p	language:C++	class:GlyphStrategyCompositorArray	typeref:typename:void
compose	/home/airaqi/Documents/learn/courses/ossu/011-Design_Patterns/workspace/projects/lexi/include/glyph_strategy_compositor_simple.h	/^        virtual void compose() override;$/;"	p	language:C++	class:GlyphStrategyCompositorSimple	typeref:typename:void
count	/home/airaqi/Documents/learn/courses/ossu/011-Design_Patterns/workspace/projects/lexi/include/glyph.h	/^    virtual long count() const = 0;$/;"	p	language:C++	class:Glyph	typeref:typename:long
count	/home/airaqi/Documents/learn/courses/ossu/011-Design_Patterns/workspace/projects/lexi/include/glyph_composite.h	/^    virtual long count() const;$/;"	p	language:C++	class:GlyphComposite	typeref:typename:long
count	/home/airaqi/Documents/learn/courses/ossu/011-Design_Patterns/workspace/projects/lexi/include/glyph_leaf.h	/^        virtual long count() const;$/;"	p	language:C++	class:GlyphLeaf	typeref:typename:long
draw	/home/airaqi/Documents/learn/courses/ossu/011-Design_Patterns/workspace/projects/lexi/include/glyph.h	/^    virtual void draw(Window*) = 0;$/;"	p	language:C++	class:Glyph	typeref:typename:void
draw	/home/airaqi/Documents/learn/courses/ossu/011-Design_Patterns/workspace/projects/lexi/include/glyph_character.h	/^        virtual void draw(Window*);$/;"	p	language:C++	class:GlyphCharacter	typeref:typename:void
draw	/home/airaqi/Documents/learn/courses/ossu/011-Design_Patterns/workspace/projects/lexi/include/glyph_composite.h	/^    virtual void draw(Window*);$/;"	p	language:C++	class:GlyphComposite	typeref:typename:void
draw	/home/airaqi/Documents/learn/courses/ossu/011-Design_Patterns/workspace/projects/lexi/include/glyph_decorator.h	/^        virtual void draw(Window *) override;$/;"	p	language:C++	class:GlyphDecorator	typeref:typename:void
draw	/home/airaqi/Documents/learn/courses/ossu/011-Design_Patterns/workspace/projects/lexi/include/glyph_decorator_border.h	/^        virtual void draw(Window *) override;$/;"	p	language:C++	class:GlyphDecoratorBorder	typeref:typename:void
draw	/home/airaqi/Documents/learn/courses/ossu/011-Design_Patterns/workspace/projects/lexi/include/glyph_rectangle.h	/^        virtual void draw(Window*);$/;"	p	language:C++	class:GlyphRectangle	typeref:typename:void
equals	/home/airaqi/Documents/learn/courses/ossu/011-Design_Patterns/workspace/projects/lexi/include/glyph.h	/^    virtual bool equals(Glyph*) = 0;$/;"	p	language:C++	class:Glyph	typeref:typename:bool
equals	/home/airaqi/Documents/learn/courses/ossu/011-Design_Patterns/workspace/projects/lexi/include/glyph_composite.h	/^    virtual bool equals(Glyph*);$/;"	p	language:C++	class:GlyphComposite	typeref:typename:bool
equals	/home/airaqi/Documents/learn/courses/ossu/011-Design_Patterns/workspace/projects/lexi/include/glyph_leaf.h	/^        virtual bool equals(Glyph*);$/;"	p	language:C++	class:GlyphLeaf	typeref:typename:bool
ERR_LEAF_CHILDREN	/home/airaqi/Documents/learn/courses/ossu/011-Design_Patterns/workspace/projects/lexi/include/glyph_leaf.h	/^#define ERR_LEAF_CHILDREN /;"	d	language:C++
Glyph	/home/airaqi/Documents/learn/courses/ossu/011-Design_Patterns/workspace/projects/lexi/include/glyph.h	/^    Glyph(Glyph* parent = nullptr);$/;"	p	language:C++	class:Glyph
Glyph	/home/airaqi/Documents/learn/courses/ossu/011-Design_Patterns/workspace/projects/lexi/include/glyph.h	/^class Glyph {$/;"	c	language:C++
GlyphCharacter	/home/airaqi/Documents/learn/courses/ossu/011-Design_Patterns/workspace/projects/lexi/include/glyph_character.h	/^        GlyphCharacter(char ch = 0, Coord x = 0, Coord y = 0, Coord w = 10, Coord h = 10, Glyph*/;"	p	language:C++	class:GlyphCharacter
GlyphCharacter	/home/airaqi/Documents/learn/courses/ossu/011-Design_Patterns/workspace/projects/lexi/include/glyph_character.h	/^class GlyphCharacter : virtual public GlyphLeaf $/;"	c	language:C++
GlyphColumn	/home/airaqi/Documents/learn/courses/ossu/011-Design_Patterns/workspace/projects/lexi/include/glyph_column.h	/^        GlyphColumn(Glyph* parent = nullptr);$/;"	p	language:C++	class:GlyphColumn
GlyphColumn	/home/airaqi/Documents/learn/courses/ossu/011-Design_Patterns/workspace/projects/lexi/include/glyph_column.h	/^class GlyphColumn : public GlyphComposite$/;"	c	language:C++
GlyphComposite	/home/airaqi/Documents/learn/courses/ossu/011-Design_Patterns/workspace/projects/lexi/include/glyph_composite.h	/^    GlyphComposite(Glyph* parent = nullptr);$/;"	p	language:C++	class:GlyphComposite
GlyphComposite	/home/airaqi/Documents/learn/courses/ossu/011-Design_Patterns/workspace/projects/lexi/include/glyph_composite.h	/^class GlyphComposite : virtual public Glyph {$/;"	c	language:C++
GlyphDecorator	/home/airaqi/Documents/learn/courses/ossu/011-Design_Patterns/workspace/projects/lexi/include/glyph_decorator.h	/^        GlyphDecorator(Glyph* component);$/;"	p	language:C++	class:GlyphDecorator
GlyphDecorator	/home/airaqi/Documents/learn/courses/ossu/011-Design_Patterns/workspace/projects/lexi/include/glyph_decorator.h	/^class GlyphDecorator : public Glyph$/;"	c	language:C++
GlyphDecoratorBorder	/home/airaqi/Documents/learn/courses/ossu/011-Design_Patterns/workspace/projects/lexi/include/glyph_decorator_border.h	/^        GlyphDecoratorBorder(Glyph* component);$/;"	p	language:C++	class:GlyphDecoratorBorder
GlyphDecoratorBorder	/home/airaqi/Documents/learn/courses/ossu/011-Design_Patterns/workspace/projects/lexi/include/glyph_decorator_border.h	/^class GlyphDecoratorBorder : public GlyphDecorator$/;"	c	language:C++
GlyphLeaf	/home/airaqi/Documents/learn/courses/ossu/011-Design_Patterns/workspace/projects/lexi/include/glyph_leaf.h	/^        GlyphLeaf(Glyph* parent = nullptr);$/;"	p	language:C++	class:GlyphLeaf
GlyphLeaf	/home/airaqi/Documents/learn/courses/ossu/011-Design_Patterns/workspace/projects/lexi/include/glyph_leaf.h	/^class GlyphLeaf : virtual public Glyph$/;"	c	language:C++
GlyphRectangle	/home/airaqi/Documents/learn/courses/ossu/011-Design_Patterns/workspace/projects/lexi/include/glyph_rectangle.h	/^        GlyphRectangle(Coord x = 0, Coord y = 0, Coord w = 0, Coord h = 0, Glyph* parent = nullp/;"	p	language:C++	class:GlyphRectangle
GlyphRectangle	/home/airaqi/Documents/learn/courses/ossu/011-Design_Patterns/workspace/projects/lexi/include/glyph_rectangle.h	/^        GlyphRectangle(Rect rect = Rect(), Glyph* parent = nullptr);$/;"	p	language:C++	class:GlyphRectangle
GlyphRectangle	/home/airaqi/Documents/learn/courses/ossu/011-Design_Patterns/workspace/projects/lexi/include/glyph_rectangle.h	/^class GlyphRectangle : public GlyphLeaf$/;"	c	language:C++
GlyphRow	/home/airaqi/Documents/learn/courses/ossu/011-Design_Patterns/workspace/projects/lexi/include/glyph_row.h	/^        GlyphRow(Glyph* parent = nullptr);$/;"	p	language:C++	class:GlyphRow
GlyphRow	/home/airaqi/Documents/learn/courses/ossu/011-Design_Patterns/workspace/projects/lexi/include/glyph_row.h	/^class GlyphRow : virtual public GlyphComposite$/;"	c	language:C++
GlyphStrategyComposition	/home/airaqi/Documents/learn/courses/ossu/011-Design_Patterns/workspace/projects/lexi/include/glyph_strategy_composition.h	/^        GlyphStrategyComposition();$/;"	p	language:C++	class:GlyphStrategyComposition
GlyphStrategyComposition	/home/airaqi/Documents/learn/courses/ossu/011-Design_Patterns/workspace/projects/lexi/include/glyph_strategy_composition.h	/^class GlyphStrategyComposition : public Glyph$/;"	c	language:C++
GlyphStrategyCompositor	/home/airaqi/Documents/learn/courses/ossu/011-Design_Patterns/workspace/projects/lexi/include/glyph_strategy_compositor.h	/^        GlyphStrategyCompositor();$/;"	p	language:C++	class:GlyphStrategyCompositor
GlyphStrategyCompositor	/home/airaqi/Documents/learn/courses/ossu/011-Design_Patterns/workspace/projects/lexi/include/glyph_strategy_compositor.h	/^class GlyphStrategyCompositor$/;"	c	language:C++
GlyphStrategyCompositorArray	/home/airaqi/Documents/learn/courses/ossu/011-Design_Patterns/workspace/projects/lexi/include/glyph_strategy_compositor_array.h	/^        GlyphStrategyCompositorArray();$/;"	p	language:C++	class:GlyphStrategyCompositorArray
GlyphStrategyCompositorArray	/home/airaqi/Documents/learn/courses/ossu/011-Design_Patterns/workspace/projects/lexi/include/glyph_strategy_compositor_array.h	/^class GlyphStrategyCompositorArray : public GlyphStrategyCompositor$/;"	c	language:C++
GlyphStrategyCompositorSimple	/home/airaqi/Documents/learn/courses/ossu/011-Design_Patterns/workspace/projects/lexi/include/glyph_strategy_compositor_simple.h	/^        GlyphStrategyCompositorSimple();$/;"	p	language:C++	class:GlyphStrategyCompositorSimple
GlyphStrategyCompositorSimple	/home/airaqi/Documents/learn/courses/ossu/011-Design_Patterns/workspace/projects/lexi/include/glyph_strategy_compositor_simple.h	/^class GlyphStrategyCompositorSimple : public GlyphStrategyCompositor$/;"	c	language:C++
insert	/home/airaqi/Documents/learn/courses/ossu/011-Design_Patterns/workspace/projects/lexi/include/glyph.h	/^    virtual void insert(Glyph*, int) = 0;$/;"	p	language:C++	class:Glyph	typeref:typename:void
insert	/home/airaqi/Documents/learn/courses/ossu/011-Design_Patterns/workspace/projects/lexi/include/glyph_composite.h	/^    virtual void insert(Glyph*, int);$/;"	p	language:C++	class:GlyphComposite	typeref:typename:void
insert	/home/airaqi/Documents/learn/courses/ossu/011-Design_Patterns/workspace/projects/lexi/include/glyph_leaf.h	/^        virtual void insert(Glyph*,int);$/;"	p	language:C++	class:GlyphLeaf	typeref:typename:void
insert	/home/airaqi/Documents/learn/courses/ossu/011-Design_Patterns/workspace/projects/lexi/include/glyph_strategy_composition.h	/^        virtual void insert(Glyph*, int);$/;"	p	language:C++	class:GlyphStrategyComposition	typeref:typename:void
intersects	/home/airaqi/Documents/learn/courses/ossu/011-Design_Patterns/workspace/projects/lexi/include/glyph.h	/^    virtual bool intersects(const Point&) = 0;$/;"	p	language:C++	class:Glyph	typeref:typename:bool
intersects	/home/airaqi/Documents/learn/courses/ossu/011-Design_Patterns/workspace/projects/lexi/include/glyph_composite.h	/^    virtual bool intersects(const Point& p);$/;"	p	language:C++	class:GlyphComposite	typeref:typename:bool
intersects	/home/airaqi/Documents/learn/courses/ossu/011-Design_Patterns/workspace/projects/lexi/include/glyph_leaf.h	/^        virtual bool intersects(const Point& rect);$/;"	p	language:C++	class:GlyphLeaf	typeref:typename:bool
isComposite	/home/airaqi/Documents/learn/courses/ossu/011-Design_Patterns/workspace/projects/lexi/include/glyph.h	/^    virtual bool isComposite() = 0;$/;"	p	language:C++	class:Glyph	typeref:typename:bool
isComposite	/home/airaqi/Documents/learn/courses/ossu/011-Design_Patterns/workspace/projects/lexi/include/glyph_composite.h	/^    virtual bool isComposite();$/;"	p	language:C++	class:GlyphComposite	typeref:typename:bool
isComposite	/home/airaqi/Documents/learn/courses/ossu/011-Design_Patterns/workspace/projects/lexi/include/glyph_leaf.h	/^        virtual bool isComposite();$/;"	p	language:C++	class:GlyphLeaf	typeref:typename:bool
isLeaf	/home/airaqi/Documents/learn/courses/ossu/011-Design_Patterns/workspace/projects/lexi/include/glyph.h	/^    virtual bool isLeaf() = 0;$/;"	p	language:C++	class:Glyph	typeref:typename:bool
isLeaf	/home/airaqi/Documents/learn/courses/ossu/011-Design_Patterns/workspace/projects/lexi/include/glyph_composite.h	/^    virtual bool isLeaf();$/;"	p	language:C++	class:GlyphComposite	typeref:typename:bool
isLeaf	/home/airaqi/Documents/learn/courses/ossu/011-Design_Patterns/workspace/projects/lexi/include/glyph_leaf.h	/^        virtual bool isLeaf();$/;"	p	language:C++	class:GlyphLeaf	typeref:typename:bool
iterator	/home/airaqi/Documents/learn/courses/ossu/011-Design_Patterns/workspace/projects/lexi/include/glyph.h	/^    virtual Iterator<Glyph*>* iterator() = 0;$/;"	p	language:C++	class:Glyph	typeref:typename:Iterator<Glyph * > *
iterator	/home/airaqi/Documents/learn/courses/ossu/011-Design_Patterns/workspace/projects/lexi/include/glyph_composite.h	/^    virtual Iterator<Glyph*>* iterator();$/;"	p	language:C++	class:GlyphComposite	typeref:typename:Iterator<Glyph * > *
iterator	/home/airaqi/Documents/learn/courses/ossu/011-Design_Patterns/workspace/projects/lexi/include/glyph_leaf.h	/^        virtual Iterator<Glyph*>* iterator();$/;"	p	language:C++	class:GlyphLeaf	typeref:typename:Iterator<Glyph * > *
parent	/home/airaqi/Documents/learn/courses/ossu/011-Design_Patterns/workspace/projects/lexi/include/glyph.h	/^    virtual Glyph* parent();$/;"	p	language:C++	class:Glyph	typeref:typename:Glyph *
parent	/home/airaqi/Documents/learn/courses/ossu/011-Design_Patterns/workspace/projects/lexi/include/glyph.h	/^    virtual void parent(Glyph* parent);$/;"	p	language:C++	class:Glyph	typeref:typename:void
rect	/home/airaqi/Documents/learn/courses/ossu/011-Design_Patterns/workspace/projects/lexi/include/glyph.h	/^    virtual Rect rect() = 0;$/;"	p	language:C++	class:Glyph	typeref:typename:Rect
rect	/home/airaqi/Documents/learn/courses/ossu/011-Design_Patterns/workspace/projects/lexi/include/glyph.h	/^    virtual void rect(Rect) = 0;$/;"	p	language:C++	class:Glyph	typeref:typename:void
rect	/home/airaqi/Documents/learn/courses/ossu/011-Design_Patterns/workspace/projects/lexi/include/glyph_composite.h	/^    virtual Rect rect();$/;"	p	language:C++	class:GlyphComposite	typeref:typename:Rect
rect	/home/airaqi/Documents/learn/courses/ossu/011-Design_Patterns/workspace/projects/lexi/include/glyph_composite.h	/^    virtual void rect(Rect);$/;"	p	language:C++	class:GlyphComposite	typeref:typename:void
rect	/home/airaqi/Documents/learn/courses/ossu/011-Design_Patterns/workspace/projects/lexi/include/glyph_leaf.h	/^         virtual void rect(Rect rect);$/;"	p	language:C++	class:GlyphLeaf	typeref:typename:void
rect	/home/airaqi/Documents/learn/courses/ossu/011-Design_Patterns/workspace/projects/lexi/include/glyph_leaf.h	/^        virtual Rect rect();$/;"	p	language:C++	class:GlyphLeaf	typeref:typename:Rect
rectangle	/home/airaqi/Documents/learn/courses/ossu/011-Design_Patterns/workspace/projects/lexi/include/window.h	/^        void rectangle(long x, long y, long w, long h) { std::cout << "Window::rectangle()\\n"; /;"	f	language:C++	class:Window	typeref:typename:void
remove	/home/airaqi/Documents/learn/courses/ossu/011-Design_Patterns/workspace/projects/lexi/include/glyph.h	/^    virtual void remove(Glyph*) = 0;$/;"	p	language:C++	class:Glyph	typeref:typename:void
remove	/home/airaqi/Documents/learn/courses/ossu/011-Design_Patterns/workspace/projects/lexi/include/glyph_composite.h	/^    virtual void remove(Glyph*);$/;"	p	language:C++	class:GlyphComposite	typeref:typename:void
remove	/home/airaqi/Documents/learn/courses/ossu/011-Design_Patterns/workspace/projects/lexi/include/glyph_leaf.h	/^        virtual void remove(Glyph*);$/;"	p	language:C++	class:GlyphLeaf	typeref:typename:void
setComposition	/home/airaqi/Documents/learn/courses/ossu/011-Design_Patterns/workspace/projects/lexi/include/glyph_strategy_compositor.h	/^        virtual void setComposition(GlyphStrategyComposition* composition);$/;"	p	language:C++	class:GlyphStrategyCompositor	typeref:typename:void
text	/home/airaqi/Documents/learn/courses/ossu/011-Design_Patterns/workspace/projects/lexi/include/window.h	/^        void text(long x, long y, std::string s) { std::cout << "Window::text()\\n"; }$/;"	f	language:C++	class:Window	typeref:typename:void
Window	/home/airaqi/Documents/learn/courses/ossu/011-Design_Patterns/workspace/projects/lexi/include/window.h	/^        Window() {}$/;"	f	language:C++	class:Window
Window	/home/airaqi/Documents/learn/courses/ossu/011-Design_Patterns/workspace/projects/lexi/include/window.h	/^class Window $/;"	c	language:C++
_ch	/home/airaqi/Documents/learn/courses/ossu/011-Design_Patterns/workspace/projects/lexi/include/glyph_character.h	/^        char _ch;$/;"	m	language:C++	class:GlyphCharacter	typeref:typename:char
_children	/home/airaqi/Documents/learn/courses/ossu/011-Design_Patterns/workspace/projects/lexi/include/glyph_composite.h	/^    List<Glyph*>* _children;$/;"	m	language:C++	class:GlyphComposite	typeref:typename:List<Glyph * > *
_component	/home/airaqi/Documents/learn/courses/ossu/011-Design_Patterns/workspace/projects/lexi/include/glyph_decorator.h	/^        Glyph* _component;$/;"	m	language:C++	class:GlyphDecorator	typeref:typename:Glyph *
_composition	/home/airaqi/Documents/learn/courses/ossu/011-Design_Patterns/workspace/projects/lexi/include/glyph_strategy_compositor.h	/^        GlyphStrategyComposition* _composition;$/;"	m	language:C++	class:GlyphStrategyCompositor	typeref:typename:GlyphStrategyComposition *
_parent	/home/airaqi/Documents/learn/courses/ossu/011-Design_Patterns/workspace/projects/lexi/include/glyph.h	/^    Glyph* _parent;$/;"	m	language:C++	class:Glyph	typeref:typename:Glyph *
_rect	/home/airaqi/Documents/learn/courses/ossu/011-Design_Patterns/workspace/projects/lexi/include/glyph_leaf.h	/^        Rect _rect;$/;"	m	language:C++	class:GlyphLeaf	typeref:typename:Rect
__CHARACTER_H__	/home/airaqi/Documents/learn/courses/ossu/011-Design_Patterns/workspace/projects/lexi/include/glyph_character.h	/^#define __CHARACTER_H__ /;"	d	language:C++
__GLYPH_COLUMN_H__	/home/airaqi/Documents/learn/courses/ossu/011-Design_Patterns/workspace/projects/lexi/include/glyph_column.h	/^#define __GLYPH_COLUMN_H__ /;"	d	language:C++
__GLYPH_COMPOSITE_H__	/home/airaqi/Documents/learn/courses/ossu/011-Design_Patterns/workspace/projects/lexi/include/glyph_composite.h	/^#define __GLYPH_COMPOSITE_H__$/;"	d	language:C++
__GLYPH_DECORATOR_BORDER_H__	/home/airaqi/Documents/learn/courses/ossu/011-Design_Patterns/workspace/projects/lexi/include/glyph_decorator_border.h	/^#define __GLYPH_DECORATOR_BORDER_H__ /;"	d	language:C++
__GLYPH_DECORATOR_H__	/home/airaqi/Documents/learn/courses/ossu/011-Design_Patterns/workspace/projects/lexi/include/glyph_decorator.h	/^#define __GLYPH_DECORATOR_H__ /;"	d	language:C++
__GLYPH_LEAF_H__	/home/airaqi/Documents/learn/courses/ossu/011-Design_Patterns/workspace/projects/lexi/include/glyph_leaf.h	/^#define __GLYPH_LEAF_H__ /;"	d	language:C++
__GLYPH_ROW_H__	/home/airaqi/Documents/learn/courses/ossu/011-Design_Patterns/workspace/projects/lexi/include/glyph_row.h	/^#define __GLYPH_ROW_H__ /;"	d	language:C++
__GLYPH_STRATEGY_COMPOSITION_H__	/home/airaqi/Documents/learn/courses/ossu/011-Design_Patterns/workspace/projects/lexi/include/glyph_strategy_composition.h	/^#define __GLYPH_STRATEGY_COMPOSITION_H__ /;"	d	language:C++
__GLYPH_STRATEGY_COMPOSITOR_ARRAY_H__	/home/airaqi/Documents/learn/courses/ossu/011-Design_Patterns/workspace/projects/lexi/include/glyph_strategy_compositor_array.h	/^#define __GLYPH_STRATEGY_COMPOSITOR_ARRAY_H__ /;"	d	language:C++
__GLYPH_STRATEGY_COMPOSITOR_H__	/home/airaqi/Documents/learn/courses/ossu/011-Design_Patterns/workspace/projects/lexi/include/glyph_strategy_compositor.h	/^#define __GLYPH_STRATEGY_COMPOSITOR_H__ /;"	d	language:C++
__GLYPH_STRATEGY_COMPOSITOR_SIMPLE_H__	/home/airaqi/Documents/learn/courses/ossu/011-Design_Patterns/workspace/projects/lexi/include/glyph_strategy_compositor_simple.h	/^#define __GLYPH_STRATEGY_COMPOSITOR_SIMPLE_H__$/;"	d	language:C++
__LEXI_GLYPH_H__	/home/airaqi/Documents/learn/courses/ossu/011-Design_Patterns/workspace/projects/lexi/include/glyph.h	/^#define __LEXI_GLYPH_H__$/;"	d	language:C++
__RECTANGLE_H__	/home/airaqi/Documents/learn/courses/ossu/011-Design_Patterns/workspace/projects/lexi/include/glyph_rectangle.h	/^#define __RECTANGLE_H__ /;"	d	language:C++
__WINDOW_H__	/home/airaqi/Documents/learn/courses/ossu/011-Design_Patterns/workspace/projects/lexi/include/window.h	/^#define __WINDOW_H__ /;"	d	language:C++
~GlyphComposite	/home/airaqi/Documents/learn/courses/ossu/011-Design_Patterns/workspace/projects/lexi/include/glyph_composite.h	/^    virtual ~GlyphComposite();$/;"	p	language:C++	class:GlyphComposite
